Andrei Tkatšuk

I am thinking about becoming a Business Analyst in the IT industry, because I have some really good qualities that Business analyst should have. For example, I am very good at working with people and analysing data. I always can find the best way to solve the problem or find a solution for an issue. The important requirements for this job is to have, I guess are new experiences, IT base knowledge, stability, critical thinking and personal growth. Moreover, I am really interested in Web development and design. I have expierence working with JS since my first UNI year.

So, all these qualities, I am trying to improve every day. I am the person, who is interested in Science, IT industry, Mathematics, Sports and Languages. From the moment I have started learning programming at secondary school, I really liked it and got interested in the whole IT industry. During the process, I was enjoying working with people, reducing problems and finding the best solution from differently structured situation. It helped me to learn how to out of the box and significantly improved my critical thinking. I am able to work individually and in a team. I am the person who has some experience how to: motivate individuals and groups to perform, encourage effective teamwork, set goals and follow through, use integrity in decision-making, organize and plan projects or events. I am really good at performing ideas orally and in written form. During the process of work, I can show my flexibility and also logical way of thinking. I am very easy using various computer programs and always ready to learn something new.

